Hello Everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Everyone, do you remember this?
Techitechi...
Let's make it a Techitechi bird
Okay, it's done!
This is Miratto-chan!
I've been thinking, since I went out of my way to draw these, I want to be able to sell them somewhere!
And I've been looking at pixiv lately...
There are a bunch of drawings like this!
I think pixiv is a wonderful service!
That is to say, don't you want to see me make an account and upload pictures? Genius, right?
With that said, I'm going to draw a new picture for the occasion,
make a pixiv account, and upload it there!
So, the problem is...
I was worried while I was making videos before
And while I was watching my previous videos, I realized I was unknowingly using some strange words
...could be. It's like, Cho choi no Choinosuke. Ahahaha...
What do you think of that! A complete victory!
Isn't it like, Yoyuu no Yocchan?
So I think I want to draw Cho choi no Choinosuke and Yoyuu no Yocchan for real!
I'll make the characters and use them as the thumbnail like an eyecatch next time, like, Yoyuu no Yocchan!
So without further delay, let's go!
First is Cho choi no Choinosuke, right?
Cho choi no Choinosuke is...
Mm, yes, to me...
Yoyuu no Yocchan is a lady who has life on easy mode
So, Cho choi no Choinosuke is...
kind of like the one she bosses around, right?
She says "Cho choi no choi!" and turns into a magical girl
She has her hair forcibly tied back
She has an ahoge
Boi~ng!
And then...
Something like that.
Since it is all about Chochoi no choi no suke...
I want it to have something related with “suke”...
(Suke = Assistant)
I think that a ribbon on her forehead would fit her just good.
Like this?
Wah~ It doesn’t look good~
And then...
I want it to make you feel like “Ey!”.
And I'll put her...
A sailor uniform~
They match! Don’t they?
I can make her a mini character, right?
Something like Cho choi no Choinosuke~
So, like this?
She also has a magic wand.
Ah, I’ll give it the shape of my ribbon.
Like 2 leaves, right?
Chaaan!
Cho choi no Choinosuke is complete! Woo!
Definitely, she will be Yoyuu no Yocchan's lifelong servant
However...
I think Cho choi no Choinosuke is also a masochist
So she's happy deep down! It's a win-win! Isn’t it?
And next is Yoyuu no Yocchan
Yoyuu no Yocchan is like...
"It's a piece of cake!"
Let's make her sly and cute
Plushy like a stuffed animal
But when she's just with Cho choi no Choinosuke
She's like "Hey, you do this!"
Isn’t it surprising the fact that that’d make men happy?
Don’t you think so?
I wish she’d be showing her forehead.
It’s so hard to draw, isn’t it?
You know, when you’re using colors to draw, it takes a lot of time...
And it's tough, right?
Amazing.
When I see people drawing me and putting it on Twitter and all sorts of places
It makes me really happy!
Something like: “I’ll make you say gasp”
It’s fine like this… I guess?
Yoyuu no Yocchan.
Okay! Yoyuu no Yocchan is done!
She looks... kind of wild
Yoyuu no Yocchan is...
Even if I don't draw cute girls
I can live my life easy like Yoyuu no Yocchan.
She can do it! It's alright.
I believe in this girl!
Alright! I finished both of them!
And with that, I want to upload them right away, but...
I still haven't made an account.
So I'm going to make one right now.
Register now!
Twitter!
This part is a business secret
(Account / Password)
Alright! I got an account!
And with that, it's posting time!
Ah! Look at this!
Cho choi no Choinosuke is posted!
That’s great~
And now since I've uploaded a work, I'm satisfied!
My name and member ID are right here,
so you can follow me if you want to!
I'll upload more works here, so everyone make sure to follow! Thanks in advance!
This has been Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai! See you!
Translated by StargazerOntan and Zerch